<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions">

    <div class="Container100 ">
        <div class="ContainerIndent">
            <div class="TexAlCenter">
                <h1 class="black Fs24 fnt1">Terms of agreement</h1>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="EmptyBox20"></div>
        <div class="Container100 Fs18">
            To sign up for online transactions, you must review the following
            Agreement, and click on the button below indicating that you understand
            and agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement for
            effecting online transactions. If you do not agree to be bound by this
            Agreement, you will not be able to access the online transaction services
            offered by the Fund. Please read the Agreement carefully before
            continuing. You should print and retain a copy of this Agreement for
            your records.
        </div>
        <div class="EmptyBox20"></div>
        <div class="Container100 Fs18">
            <p:scrollPanel mode="native" style="width:100%;height:500px">
		<br/>
                <h1 class="TexAlCenter Fs18">RESPONSIBILITIES OF REGISTERED USERS ELIGIBLE FOR TRANSACTION PROCESSING</h1>

                <p>
                    I hereby request that the Fund permit me to obtain electronic access via the Internet to my Fund account(s)
                    for the purpose of viewing my account holdings and placing purchase or transaction orders. In consideration
                    of the Fund permitting me to conduct online purchase, exchange and redemption
                    transactions through the Fund’s web site, I hereby agree to the following statements, terms and conditions:
                </p>
                <ol>
                    <li>
                        By completing the registration process and clicking on "SUBMIT," I authorize the Fund,
                        its affiliates and agents to permit access to my account(s) with the Fund and my bank
                        account(s) of record and to act on any instructions received via computer and the
                        Internet to purchase, exchange and redeem shares to and from my Fund account(s) and
                        to draw and deposit money from and to my bank account(s) of record. I acknowledge that
                        I am responsible for accurately entering all data to perform each transaction, including,
                        but not limited to ACH data, and for verifying such instructions.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        If I am purchasing or exchanging shares, I hereby certify that I have received, either in hard copy or via the Internet, and read the current prospectus for the Fund(s) that I am purchasing or into which I am exchanging, and agree to be bound by the terms of such prospectus, as the same may be amended from time to time.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that by placing transaction orders after 4:00pm eastern time or on a trading holiday, it will be accepted at the close of trading on the next trading or business day.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that transactions conducted online are subject to (i) all requirements, restrictions and fees set forth in the prospectus of the Fund(s) that I am purchasing, exchanging or redeeming, (ii) all of the other terms and conditions contained on any other pages of the Fund’s web site; (ii) all rules, customs and usages of the exchange, market or clearing house where executed, and (iv) all federal and state laws and regulations.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I have full authority to direct the Fund to draw money from and credit money to my bank account of record, and am responsible for ensuring that the ACH information provided to the Fund is accurate and that sufficient funds are available at my bank of record when a purchase is drawn. I agree that if sufficient funds are not available at the time of draw for a purchase, the Fund or its agent will debit my account for a fee of $25. I also agree that I am responsible for any losses suffered by the Fund arising out of or relating to a draw from or deposit to my bank account of record, including because my account had insufficient funds for a purchase requested through the online transaction service.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that I am responsible for reviewing and verifying the accuracy of all information provided in the account statements received by me and all transactions entered through this web site. I agree to contact the Fund immediately if I believe that there is a discrepancy between a transaction I performed through this web site and the confirmation statement I receive or if no confirmation is received. Gemini Fund Services, LLC retains the right to determine the validity of any such claim and shall not be responsible for the failure of any claim to be received on a timely basis.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand and agree that the services to be provided to me under this Agreement may involve the electronic submission to the e-mail address I have provided to the Fund. This information may be considered to be personal financial information, and I consent to the transmission of such information.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that the Fund may reject any order placed by me over the Internet for any reason in its sole discretion.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that I must have and maintain telephone purchase, exchange and redemption privileges in order to have the ability to purchase, exchange and redeem shares of the Fund online. I authorize the Fund and its agents to act upon instructions (by phone, in writing, or other means) believed to be genuine and in accordance with procedures described in the prospectus for this account or any account into which exchanges are made. I agree that neither the Fund nor its transfer agent will be liable for any loss, cost or expense for acting on such instructions. Such entities will employ reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions communicated by phone or in writing are genuine, and may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or fraudulent instructions only if such procedures are not followed.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        In order to view account information and conduct online transactions through the Fund's web site, the Fund will require me to use certain numbers, codes, marks, signs, personal identification numbers (PINs), or other means which are acceptable to the Fund to establish my identity and verify my acceptance and authorization of electronic transactions. I acknowledge and agree that all electronic communications that meet these requirements will be deemed valid and authentic, that I intended those electronic communications to have the same legal effect as written and signed paper communications, and that I will not contest the validity of the originals or copies of any such communications absent proof of altered data or tampering. Neither the Fund nor its affiliates or agents will be held liable for acting on any instructions or communications with respect to any online transaction services received via computer or over the Internet.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I shall be responsible for the confidentiality and use of my access identification name and PIN information. I shall be solely responsible for all orders entered through the Fund’s online services using my login ID, sign-on PIN and/or trading PIN. I agree to contact the Fund immediately if I believe that someone has obtained unauthorized access to my account(s) or PIN. I agree that neither the Fund nor its affiliates or agents will be responsible for any actions of a third party as a result of unauthorized use of my access identification name PIN or other PIN.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand and agree that I am solely responsible for obtaining, paying for, repairing and maintaining all of the equipment, telephone lines and other materials I need to be able to access the services provided under this Agreement, including, but not limited to an Internet service provider and communications software. I assume full responsibility for any defect, malfunction, or interruption in service or security due to my Internet communications software or Internet service provider.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I certify that I have full authority to consent to this Agreement on behalf of each joint tenant and/or tenant in common on my account(s). I understand that each joint tenant or tenant-in-common shall have full authority on behalf of a joint account to act in all respects, including making purchases, exchanges or redemptions, receiving account confirmations, statements of account and agreements relating to these matters and to terminate or modify some or waive any of the provisions thereof. Liability on joint accounts shall be joint and several and shall be binding upon each owner’s heirs, successors and assigns.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that, while the Fund intends to make the online transaction services available 24 hours a day, the web site, including access to online transaction services, will be unavailable from time to time for scheduled maintenance. Additionally, the services may be slow or unavailable from time to time due to periods of high trading volume or other unusual demands on the system.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand that I must place transaction orders solely through the web site in the areas designated for trading and not via e-mail. E-mail orders will not be acknowledged or processed. I understand that the word "I" in this agreement pertains to each registered owner of the account(s), which are authorized for web access. I further understand and acknowledge that I am responsible for determining the nature, potential value, and suitability of any investment transaction and that nothing herein or on the web site shall be construed in any manner to be advice or recommendations of any nature whatsoever. I understand that all transactions are at my own risk and indemnify the Fund, its transfer agent, and other agents and third party service providers from any liability in connection with processing my transactions through the web site.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I agree that neither the Fund nor any other party that provides Internet access or provides equipment used to access these online services, nor any agent or independent contractor of the foregoing, will be liable for any loss, injury or damage, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, whether under contract, tort, or any other theory of liability, arising in any way out of the installation, use, or maintenance of the Fund’s web site, or of the use of or the inability to use the materials on this web site, or of the Internet access provider used to access the online services, or of the equipment used to access the online services, including, without limitation, any loss, injury or damage relating to the failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line failure or unauthorized interception of account information or access to my communications with the Fund, even if such damages are foreseen or foreseeable. (If you live in a state that does not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.)
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Fund, its affiliates and agents from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from any use of these online transaction services or my violation of this Agreement. These indemnification and hold harmless obligations will survive the termination of this Agreement.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        The Fund may terminate my access to the online services offered under this Agreement or any portion of them at any time in its sole discretion without prior notice, for any reason whatsoever, including, but not limited to the unauthorized use of my user access number(s), PIN(s) and/or account number(s). Termination of my online transaction privileges will not affect my liability or obligations under this Agreement.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I understand and acknowledge that the Internet is an unsecured, unstable and unregulated environment and that my ability to use these online transaction services is dependent on the commercial Internet service provider I have selected as well as the Internet and equipment, software, systems, data and services provided by various vendors and third parties. There can be no assurance that account information inquiries or trading activities will be completely secure, or that my use of these online transaction services will be free from delays, malfunction or other inconveniences which may affect this medium. By using this online transaction service, I assume the risk that the Internet and online communications medium may not perform as intended despite efforts of the Fund or my Internet service provider. The Fund does not warrant that the functions on this web site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site and the servers that make it available are free from viruses or other harmful components. The Fund, its affiliates and agents disclaim, to the fullest extent of the law, any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to these services, including without limitation the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. (If you live in a state that does not allow disclaimer of implied warranties, our disclaimer may not apply to you.)
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        If any provision of this Agreement is void or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such ineffectiveness or unenforceability shall not affect the validity of enforceability of such provision in another jurisdiction or any other provision in that or any other jurisdiction.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable federal laws and the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any state’s conflicts of laws provisions. This Agreement is being entered into and performed in the State of Delaware.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        I may not assign this Agreement to any other party. The Fund may assign this Agreement or delegate any of its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement to any third party or parties.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        The Fund may amend or change the fees, type, amount or frequency of transactions, my responsibility for unauthorized transactions under this Agreement, or any other provision of this Agreement at any time by providing written or electronic notice to me. My continued use of the online services constitutes my agreement to the amendment(s). If I do not agree to the change or amendment, I must notify the Fund and terminate this Agreement.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        The Fund may waive any term or provision of this Agreement at any time or from time to time, but any such waiver shall not be deemed a waiver of the term or provision in the future.
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        This Agreement, together with the account application(s) for my account(s) and the prospectus, constitutes the entire agreement between me and the Fund and supercedes any marketing or other similar material pertaining to online transaction services delivered to me in writing, verbally or obtained at the Fund’s web site or in any other location. The terms, representations and conditions in this Agreement will apply to any account established at a later date.
                    </li>
                </ol>
                <h1 class="TexAlCenter Fs18">ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SECURITY MEASURES IMPOSED BY GEMINI FUND SERVICES, LLC</h1>

                <p>
                    The Fund’s transfer agent, Gemini Fund Services, LLC employs reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions communicated on the web site are genuine. Such procedures include, but are not limited to requiring a separate application for Internet access services and appropriate personal identification for each on-line session, providing written or email confirmations of transactions to the address of record or email address of record and employing other precautions reasonably designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality and security of shareholder and account information. User IDs and passwords must comply with Gemini Fund Services, LLC procedures regarding the content and number of digits therein. Data transmitted through the web site is encrypted. Access to the web site requires a web browser supporting SSL and 128-bit encryption.
                </p>
            </p:scrollPanel>
        </div>
        <div class="EmptyBox20"></div>
        <div class="Container100 Fs18">
            <p:selectOneRadio value="#{ceb.acceptterms}"
                 layout="pageDirection"
                 required="true" requiredMessage="Must choose one of the terms!"
                 >
                <p:ajax listener="#{ceb.onTermChange}"
                        update=":ceForm:contentpanel"/>
                <f:selectItem
                        itemLabel="I have read, reviewed and understand the applicable prospectus of the Fund(s) and accept the terms and conditions described above."
                        itemValue="Y"/>
                <f:selectItem
                        itemLabel="I reject the terms and conditions described above."
                        itemValue="N"/>
            </p:selectOneRadio>

        </div>
        <div class="EmptyBox20"></div>

        <div class="Container100 TexAlCenter">
            <p:commandButton styleClass="Fleft" value="Previous" rendered="#{ceb.pagemanager.prevButtonStat}"
                             update=":ceForm:contentpanel,:ceForm:disclaimer"
                             actionListener="#{ceb.prevPage}"/>
            <p:commandButton styleClass="Fright" value="Next" disabled="#{ceb.acceptterms != 'Y'}"
                             update=":ceForm:contentpanel,:ceForm:disclaimer"
                             process="@this" immediate="true"
                             actionListener="#{ceb.agreeTerms}">
            </p:commandButton>
        </div>

    </div>

</ui:composition>
