<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions">

<h:head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
    <meta name='robots' content='noindex,nofollow'/>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0"/>
    <title>Invessence Inc.</title>
    <link rel='stylesheet' id='divi-fonts-css'
          href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans:300italic,400italic,700italic,800italic,400,300,700,800|Raleway:400,200,100,500,700,800,900&#038;subset=latin,latin-ext'
          type='text/css' media='all'/>
    <link rel='stylesheet' id='menubar' href='css/generic.css' type='text/css' media='all'/>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/alloc.js"></script>
</h:head>

<h:body styleClass="dialog-infocontent">
    <link rel='stylesheet' id='inv-css' href='css/inv.css' type='text/css' media='all'/>

    <div id="main-content" style="background-color:#ffffff;">


        <div class="container">
            <div id="content-area" class="clearfix">
                <div id="left-area">


                    <article id="post-1903" class="post-1903 page type-page status-publish hentry">


                        <h1 class="main_title">Terms of Use</h1>


                        <div class="entry-content">
                            <p>Effective March 3, 2014</p>

                            <p><b>Invessence Term and Conditions of Use</b></p>

                            <p>These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Agreement”) apply to any access to or use of the online financial advisory site at
                                <a href="http://www.invessence.com">www.invessence.com</a> (the “Site”). The Site is owned and operated by Invessence Inc. (“Invessence” or “we”).&nbsp; Invessence is a Delaware corporation and a registered investment adviser in the States of Connecticut, New York, Illinois and New Jersey.
                            </p>

                            <p>PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE. &nbsp;BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT ASSENT TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT VIEW OR USE THE SITE.<strong></strong>
                            </p>

                            <p><strong>Use of the Site</strong></p>

                            <p>We may, at any time, without notice and in our sole discretion, suspend, restrict or terminate your access to and use of all or any portion of the Site.&nbsp; We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any suspension, restriction or termination of your access to or use of the Site. We may monitor your use of the Site for our own internal business purposes. &nbsp;Access to and use of password protected and/or secure sections of the Site is strictly restricted to authorized users only.<strong> You agree to use the Site to access only those accounts on which you are authorized to act, and you agree to use your own user name login and password when accessing accounts on which you are authorized to act. You agree not to obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to sections of the Site that are protected and/or secure. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name login and password to access any secured and/or protected section of the Site. You are fully responsible for all activities that may occur using your user name login and password that result from your negligence, carelessness, misconduct or failure to take appropriate security measures. If you become aware of any suspicious or unauthorized conduct concerning your accounts, user name login or password, you agree to contact us immediately. </strong>
                            </p>

                            <p><b>Information and content on the Site</b></p>

                            <p>The information, data, content and resources on the Site (collectively, “Materials”) is for educational and informational purposes only. &nbsp;None of the Materials are intended to constitute and shall not constitute financial or investment advice.&nbsp; You should not rely upon any of the Materials as a substitute for, nor do they replace you obtaining, professional legal, tax, financial planning and investment advice.</p>

                            <p>Materials may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, re-delivered using framing technology, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed or used in any way without our prior written permission. &nbsp;No permission is granted to use the Site icons, addresses or other means to hyperlink other web sites with any page in the Site. Prior written permission must be obtained from Invessence to hyperlink in any manner to the Site. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to terminate this permission at any time with or without notice for any or for no reason.</p>

                            <p><b>Changes to Site </b></p>

                            <p>We may, at any time and in our sole discretion, modify, add to, delete, suspend or terminate the Site and the services offered on or through the Site, for any or no reason, and with or without notice.</p>

                            <p><strong>Intellectual property ownership</strong></p>

                            <p>
                                <strong>Invessence and all other trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on the Site are the trademarks, servicemarks, trade names, and logos of Invessence. &nbsp;All other trademarks, logos and service marks are the property of their respective owners.&nbsp; Nothing on the Site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, trade name, logo or service mark displayed on the Site without the owner’s prior written permission. Unauthorized use of Invessence and all other trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on the Site is strictly prohibited. </strong><strong></strong>
                            </p>

                            <p><strong>Third party links</strong></p>

                            <p>
                                <strong>The Site may contain links to websites, resources, services and content provided by third parties (collectively “Third-Party Links”). Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties in the Third-Party Links are those of the respective authors, distributors or providers of such Third-Party Links and not of Invessence. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any Third-Party Link, and we neither endorse nor are responsible or liable for any access to or use of such Third-Party Links.</strong>
                            </p>

                            <p><b>Disclaimer of warranties </b></p>

                            <p>Your use of the Site is at your sole risk. ALL MATERIALS ON, OR ACCESSIBLE FROM, THE SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INVESSENCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY OR ACCURACY. INVESSENCE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. INVESSENCE DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE, THE SITE OR OF THE CONTENT THEREON, AND OTHER MATERIALS ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THE SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.</p>

                            <p><b>Limitation of liability</b></p>

                            <p>IN NO EVENT WILL INVESSENCE OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE OR A THIRD-PARTY LINK, OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE TECHNICAL OPERATION OR CONTENT OF THE SITE OR A THIRD-PARTY LINK, EVEN IF INVESSENCE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMIITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.</p>

                            <p><b>Indemnification</b></p>

                            <p>By using the Site, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Invessence and each of its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and all costs and expenses of defense, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of or in any way connected with, directly or indirectly, (i) your access or use of the Site, (ii) your breach of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, or (iii) from any claim by a third party that is based on your access or use of the Site.</p>

                            <p><strong>Copyright complaints</strong></p>

                            <p>
                                <strong>Invessence respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is located on the Site, you may submit a notification of claimed infringement under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). In accordance with the DMCA all notices of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to our designated agent by mail at: Invessence Inc., Attention: </strong><strong>President, </strong>693 River Road, Chatham, New Jersey 07928<strong>; or by email at: info@Invessence.com. </strong>
                            </p>

                            <p><b>Change to Agreement</b></p>

                            <p>We may, at any time and in our sole discretion, amend, modify, delete or add (collectively “Amendments”) to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. &nbsp;Your use of the Site after all such Amendments have been posted on the Site shall constitute your agreement with and acceptance of all the terms and conditions of this Agreement as amended or modified by all such Amendments.</p>

                            <p><b>Other provisions</b></p>

                            <p>This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. If any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between Invessence and users of the Site relating to the subject matter contained herein. No delay or failure by Invessence to take action under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any of the provisions contained herein, or rights provided hereby, unless expressly waived in writing by Invessence. No single waiver will constitute a continuing or subsequent waiver. You agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Site or this Agreement must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues.&nbsp; Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.</p>
                        </div>
                        <!-- .entry-content -->


                    </article>
                    <!-- .et_pb_post -->


                </div>
                <!-- #left-area -->

            </div>
            <!-- #content-area -->
        </div>
        <!-- .container -->


    </div>
</h:body>
</html>
