<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

	<p:panel id="inputArea"
		style="border: 0px; background: transparent; height: auto">
		<div class="Container100">
			<div class="ContainerIndent Responsive100 tab_main">

				<p:steps id="progressbar" styleClass="portfolioCreationStepsPanel tabColorOnluCustom"
					activeIndex="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page}">
					<p:menuitem value="Start" />
					<p:menuitem value="Objective" />
					<p:menuitem value="Risk" />
					<p:menuitem value="Projection" />
					<p:menuitem value="Review" />
				</p:steps>

			</div>
		</div>

		<div class="Container100 BackgroundWhite">
			<div class="ContainerIndent">
				<ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 0}">
					<ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p1.xhtml" />
				</ui:fragment>
				<ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 1}">
					<ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p3.xhtml" />
				</ui:fragment>
				<ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 2}">
					<ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p4.xhtml" />
				</ui:fragment>
				<ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 3}">
					<ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p5.xhtml" />
				</ui:fragment>
				<ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 4}">
					<ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/final2.xhtml" />
				</ui:fragment>
			</div>
		</div>

		<div class="Container100">
			<p style="font-style: italic; font-size: .8em; text-align: justify; margin-bottom: 0px;">
				This content is developed from sources believed to be providing
				accurate information. The information provided is not written or
				intended as direct investment advice or recommendations, tax or
				legal advice and in the context of such may not especially be relied
				on for purposes of avoiding any tax penalties in any jurisdiction.
				Individuals are encouraged to seek advice from their own respective
				tax, legal, accounting, or personal planning professional as the
				case may be. Individuals involved in the estate planning process
				should work with estate planning professionals. Neither the
				information presented nor any opinion expressed constitutes a
				representation by us of a specific investment or the purchase or
				sale of any securities. Asset allocation and diversification do not
				ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. For
				illustrative purposes only to show possible return profiles of
				various asset classes. This illustration is not historical returns
				nor is it a projection of future returns. Past performance is not
				indicative of future results. Investing involves risk and may result
				in losses. At a given time, any risk asset class or asset may lose
				value and result in substantial losses. Inflation risk is an
				additional risk for financial assets. This illustration is not GIPS
				compliant and is shown only for illustrative purposes. Tradition
				Capital Management does not make any assertions, estimates or
				guarantees about future results. Future results are unpredictable
				and could result in losses. Expected return and expected risk are
				not forecasted returns or risks but are only statistical definitions
				for modeling purposes.</p>
		</div>
	</p:panel>


</ui:composition>
