<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
                template="/template/common/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">

        <div class="layout-portlets-box">
            <div class="questions">
                <div class="content">
                    <h2>What is $ymbil?</h2>

                    <p>$ymbil is a dynamic online investment adviser platform that assesses the risk profile of an investor and recommends a risk-appropriate
                        managed portfolio.</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2>Is this a “robo-advisor” like I’ve heard about?</h2>

                    <p>The $ymbil platform is an electronic “robo advisor” program whereby investors can access an online tool that guides them through a quick
                        questionnaire and suggests an investment in one of the 5 risk appropriate portfolios. You receive the benefit of investment professionals who
                        actively manage your Fund once you make the purchase of the account. $ymbil utilizes the trusted investment professionals of Ladenburg
                        Thalmann Asset Management to manage your Fund, not an actual robot.</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2>Who can open an account through $ymbil?</h2>

                    <p>Anyone who is 18 years old or older, holds a permanent U.S. address and is a legal U.S. resident or U.S. citizen.</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2> Is there a minimum amount required to invest?</h2>

                    <p>Through $ymbil, the minimum investment in the Ladenburg Funds is $500 as an initial investment.</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2> What types of accounts does $ymbil support?</h2>

                    <p>$ymbil currently supports Individual, Joint, Traditional IRA and Roth IRA accounts.</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2> Is there an option for an Automatic Investment Plan?</h2>

                    <p>Yes, the automatic investment plan allows you to make automatic monthly or quarterly investments in your account through a withdrawal
                        from the bank account that you provide on the account application form. The minimum for the automatic investment plan is $50. </p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2>Who is managing my investments through $ymbil?</h2>

                    <p>$ymbil is provided by Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management. LTAM’s an SEC Registered Investment Advisory firm established in 1982.
                        LTAM has over $2 billion in assets under management and a dedicated staff of professionals with over 100 years of investment management
                        experience. To learn more about us, please visit <a href="http://www.ltam.com">www.ltam.com</a></p>
                    <br/>
                    <br/>

                    <h2>My advisor recommended I use this – how is he/she involved?</h2>

                    <p>Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management has long been a trusted source of asset management for the clients of thousands of independent
                        financial advisors. $ymbil is a simple way for advisors to provide a solution to clients through a short interactive online process. Your
                        advisor who is a registered representative of an Affiliate of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management, Inc. (LTAM) and the Affiliate may
                        receive a referral fee for referring you to the $ymbil Website.</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2> What are the investments being recommended through $ymbil?</h2>

                    <p>Through $ymbil you gain access to the Ladenburg Funds, 5 mutual funds actively managed by Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management with
                        risk profiles ranging from conservative to aggressive. The funds each offer a complete and globally diversified asset allocation with exposure
                        to a range of asset classes including equities, fixed income and alternative investments. The particular fund that is recommended to you is
                        determined by the answers you provide in the $ymbil online questionnaire and is based on your goals, objectives and risk profile. For more
                        information on the funds go to<a href="http://www.ladenburgfunds.com"> www.ladenburgfunds.com</a></p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2> How many investments will I see in my $ymbil account?</h2>

                    <p>Your account will be invested in 1 of the 5 Ladenburg mutual funds so you will only see 1 investment in your account. However, through this
                        single mutual fund, you’ll receive a complete asset allocation through the fund’s underlying investments in equity, fixed income and
                        alternative investment exchange traded funds (ETFs).</p>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h2> Will the asset allocations ever change in the fund I’m invested in? What about things like rebalancing? What does that mean? Do
                        you do that?</h2>

                    <p>The asset allocations in your portfolio will periodically change for tactical purposes. The underlying foundation of our investment philosophy is the
                        construction of a globally diversified portfolio based on strategic asset allocation. Strategic asset allocation is a strategy that divides up a
                        portfolio among major asset classes (equities, bonds, cash equivalents, and alternative investment vehicles) in proportions that are
                        consistent with an investor's long-term financial goals and objectives, establishing a "base policy mix". This mix of assets is based on
                        expected rates of return and risk for each asset class. The tactical overlay essentially helps us determine which areas to under or over-weight
                        based on market conditions. We will make a portfolio change where we can either reduce the risk in the portfolio or potentially add a higher rate of
                        return, given a certain level of risk. In general, tactical changes tend to occur 2-6 times per year and are based on current market conditions.  Any
                        changes that we make we will rebalance our Funds accounts for the combination of risk and time.</p>
                    <br/><br/>


                    <h2> What do you charge? What types of fees can I expect?</h2>

                    <p>There is no fee for $ymbil through the process to determine the advice of the recommended fund. Once you decide to purchase the fund,
                        there are certain expenses and fees that are internal to the Ladenburg mutual funds. LTAM, as the manager of the Funds, receives 0.50%
                        annually, on the assets managed in the Ladenburg Funds for their active portfolio management within the Funds. This fee and certain other
                        expenses mentioned above are taken from the fund before any performance is reported. We believe that our portfolios balance cost-
                        effectiveness and performance with access to top investment management professionals. For information about all the fees and expenses
                        associated with the Ladenburg Funds, please refer to the Funds’ prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 1-877-803-6583 or by visiting
                        <a href="http://www.ladenburgfunds.com"> www.ladenburgfunds.com</a></p>
                    <br/><br/>


                    <h2> What is the next step after creating an account?</h2>

                    <p>You will be sent an e-mail to set up an account. Once registered you can access your account through <a
                            href="http://www.symbil.com">www.symbil.com</a> website by selecting “sign in” or download the $ymbil app from the Apple Store or Google Play Store. From their secure portal you will be able to review your
                        account’s performance, make updates or changes, and add more funds at your discretion.
                    </p>
                    <br/><br/>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <p:outputPanel id="disclaimer" style="border: 0px; background: transparent">
            <div class="layout-portlets-box">
                <div class="Container100 Responsive100">
                    <div class="Container100">
                        <div class="ContainerIndent">
                            <div class="Fs12 TexAlCenter">
                                <h:outputText value="#{uiLayout.disclaimer}" escape="false"/>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </p:outputPanel>

    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
