<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
                template="/template/common/template.xhtml">

   <ui:define name="content">

      <div class="layout-portlets-box faq_dtls" >
         <div class="Container100 Responsive50">

            <h3 class="BigTopic">FAQ</h3>
            <div class="Container100">
            <ul>
            	<li>
            		<h3>Who owns UTRADE Robo? </h3>
		 			<p>
			 			UTRADE Robo is owned by UOB Kay Hian. This is an important consideration for you because when you invest using Robo advisers, you are investing for the long term. You need to consider “counter-party” risks. So, long term viability of the robo adviser matters. For that, you need to look at ownership, and you need to determine if the robo adviser has the resources and capability to be around long enough to deliver returns to you.
		 			</p>
		 			<p>
		 				Backed by the UOB Group, UOB Kay Hian is one of Asia’s largest brokerage firms. With more than a hundred years of history and distinction to our name, we have established ourselves as a trusted financial partner to a prestigious client base that comprises institutions, large corporations, high-net-worth individuals and retail investors
		 			</p>	
		 			<p>
		 				Head quartered in Singapore, we are supported by more than 80 branches worldwide including a growing network of offices across Southeast Asia, Greater China, the United Kingdom and North America. With this global footprint and strong international presence, we are able feel the pulse of key financial markets and deliver incisive intelligence across industry sectors and asset classes.
		 			</p>	
		 			<p>
		 				Supported by a strong, dedicated research team, our award-winning analysts are in place to impart the deep market knowledge clients need to navigate today’s complex trading environments.
		 			</p>
            	</li>
            	<li>
            		<h3>How is UTRADE Robo different from other Robo advisers in Singapore? </h3>
            		<p>There are several significant ways we are different from other Robo advisers in Singapore. </p>
            		<ol>
	            		<li>
	            			UTRADE Robo is owned by UOB Kay Hian. And UOB Kay Hian is backed by the UOB Group.
	            			<ul>
	            				<li>This means you face low counter-party risks.  Being very financially sound, we are very likely to be around for a long time. We will be able to deliver returns to you for the medium to longer term </li>
	            			</ul> 
	            		</li>
	            		<li>
	            			UTRADE Robo is backed by our strong capability.
	            			<ul>
	            				<li>We draw on the wealth of experience and deep market knowledge of our research analysts and investment professionals to navigate today’s complex trading environments, including developing complex algorithms for UTRADE Robo and screening for suitable ETFs. </li>
	            			</ul>
	            		</li>
	            		<li>
	            			We are committed to deliver a best-of-class Robo adviser to you.
	            			<ul>
	            				<li>We will keep the cost in investing through UTRADE Robo low for you.</li>
	            			</ul>
	            		</li>
            		</ol>
            	</li>
            	<li>
            		<h3>How is an UTRADE Robo account different from a bank savings account?</h3>
            		<p>If you just let your money sit in your bank account, you are likely to lose in the longer term because inflation will likely outpace the interests you earn from your bank account. </p>
            		<p>When you put your money into UTRADE Robo account, you will be making your money work for you. Your money will be invested in strategies/ portfolios tailored in accordance to your risk tolerance and objectives, thus possibly delivering higher returns to you in the longer term.</p>
            		<p>That said, given the nature of investing, your UTRADE Robo account could lose value depending on market conditions. However, you control the amount of risks you wish to take through setting your risk tolerance and financial objectives. </p>
            	</li>
            	<li>
            		<h3>What is the minimum investment amount I must make to get started with UTRADE Robo?</h3>
            		<p>At this time, UTRADE Robo's strategies/portfolios work best with a minimum investment of at least $50,000.</p>            		
            	</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Is there a minimum amount that I must maintain in my UTRADE Robo account?</h3>
					<p>No, there isn’t a minimum amount that you need to maintain after you have started with UTRADE Robo.</p>
				</li>     
				<li>
					<h3>I am looking to invest for just a short period of time, say less than a year. In this regard, is UTRADE Robo a good fit for me?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo is designed to deliver higher returns to investors who look at medium to long-term horizons.</p>
					<p>Therefore, if you are looking only at one year or less than one year horizon, UTRADE Robo is not a good fit for your needs.</p>
					<p>You may wish to consider opening a trading account with UOB Kay Hian instead. There is a wide range of investment products and services that you can choose from to serve your investment needs. To open a trading account is equally simple. You can obtain more information on www.utrade.com.sg</p>
				</li>  
				<li>
					<h3>Are your investment instruments liquid?</h3>
					<p>The investment instruments used to construct the strategies/portfolios are carefully selected ETFs listed and traded in major stock exchanges. </p>
					<p>These ETFs are open-ended funds and they are very liquid, i.e., they can be easily bought and sold. These ETFs are issued by established and renowed financial institutions.</p>
					<p>What this means is that it is very easy for us to buy more units of the ETFs for your strategy/portfolio when you fund your UTRADE Robo account.  Similarly, it is very easy to sell units of the ETFs when you decide to liquidate some positions.</p>
				</li>  
				<li>
					<h3>Why use ETFs for UTRADE Robo?</h3>
					<p>ETFs are open-ended investment funds listed and traded on a stock exchange. They aim to track the performance of an underlying index. There are different types of ETFs designed to track different indices or assets and investors can gain exposure to these underlying through the use of ETFs.</p>
					<p>We use ETFs because of these benefits </p>
					<ol>
						<li>More efficient when compared to shares.  An ETF offers diversification across the entire underlying index that it tracks – so a single transaction gives you instant exposure to all securities in that fund portfolio.</li>
						<li>More accessible when compared to shares.  An ETF can let you gain exposure to a group of equities, assets or market segments because an ETF can track a broader range of assets or mimic the returns of a certain demographic region.</li>
						<li>More transparent and tradable when compared to a unit trust.</li>
						<li>Likely to be cheaper when compared to a unit trust.</li>
					</ol>
				</li>  
				<li>
					<h3>Why wouldn’t I just replicate your strategy/portfolio for free in an outside account?</h3>
					<p>You can probably replicate the strategy/portfolio that UTRADE Robo constructed for you. You would be able to buy some of the holdings yourself.</p>
					<p>But it will not be for “free”. In fact, you will lose out. You will pay higher trading costs just to buy the ETFs. More importantly, you will not get the ongoing management of your strategy/portfolio provided by UTRADE Robo. </p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Can I withdraw money whenever I need to?</h3>
					<p>Yes, you can. You can close or liquidate your strategy/portfolio whenever you need to. </p>
					<p>When you close your strategy/portfolio, your holdings will be sold. Upon settlement, the money will be credited into your UTRADE Robo trust account. And you can withdraw the money from your UTARDE Robo trust account. </p>
					<p>Please note that we will only pay as per the remittance instruction that you provided when you opened your UTRADE Robo account. We do not make payment to a third party</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>I don’t live in Singapore.  Can I still have an account?</h3>
					<p>Yes, you can, subject to you meeting the requirements for opening UTRADE Robo account.</p>
					<p>It is a straightforward and simple process: After you have registered your UTRADE Robo ID on UTRADE Robo website, you just need to apply for an account by providing your personal information and uploading the relevant supporting documents via the secured website. </p>
					<p>That said, we are not able to open an UTRADE Robo account for a U.S. person or a person below the age of 21 years old.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Can I open a joint account?</h3>
					<p>Sorry, you can’t do so at this point.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How long does it take to open a new account?</h3>
					<p>We take about 3 business days to open a new UTRADE Robo account for you, barring any issue with the account application or with the supporting documents that you provided.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How long does it take to fund my account via bank transfers?</h3>
					<p>This is a straightforward and fast process.  After your UTRADE Robo account has been opened, you just need to instruct your bank to remit money to UOB Kay Hian Private Limited – you can do so at the bank branch or via internet banking. (Please remember to state your UTRADE Robo account number.)  We should be able to sight funds in 1 to 3 business days.</p>
					<p>Alternatively, you can visit our beautiful office to deposit a cheque or cash at our Cashier. If you are issuing a cheque, please make payable to UOB Kay Hian Private Limited, and please state your UTRADE Robo account number at the back of the cheque.</p>
					<p>Our office is located at 8 Anthony Road #01-01 Singapore 229957.  (If you are taking the MRT, you can alight at Newton MRT Station.) </p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How can I fund my UTRADE Robo account?</h3>
					<p>We have provided a few ways for you to fund your UTRADE Robo account. Choose one that you find most convenient. </p>
					<ul>
						<li>Make a “Bill Payment” via internet banking with DBD/POSB, UOB, Standard Chartered and HSBC</li>
						<li>Visit UOB Kay Hian office to deposit Cash or Cheque (Address: 8 Anthony Road Singapore 229957. If you are taking the MRT, you can alight at Newton MRT Station.) </li>
						<li>Send cheque made payable to UOB Kay Hian Private Limited Ltd (Address: 8 Anthony Road #01-01 Singapore 229957) (Please state your UTRADE Robo account number at the back of the cheque.)</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How can I invest on a regular basis (i.e. have a regular investment plan)?</h3>
					<p>Our clients can do so by setting a recurring monthly or quarterly funds transfer from their bank accounts to UTRADE Robo via online banking services.  </p>
					<p>Once we received the funds, we will invest the amount on the next business day, or as soon as is practical.</p>
					<p>You can refer to the following step-by-step instructions to set recurring monthly or quarterly funds transfer:</p>
					<ul>
						<li>DBS: https://www.UTRADERobo.com/dbsrecurring</li>
						<li>OCBC: https://www.UTRADERobo.com/ocbcrecurring</li>
						<li>UOB: https://www.UTRADERobo.com/uobrecurring</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What are the fees associated with UTRADE Robo?</h3>
					<p>Our fee structure for UTRADE Robo is straightforward:  Our clients only pay an annual management fee for using UTRADE Robo. This is calculated as a percentage of your assets managed under UTRADE Robo.  Deduction is on a monthly basis</p>
					<p>There is no upfront sales charge or trading fee when you first invest through your UTRADE Robo account. In fact, you don’t pay upfront sales charge or trading fee on subsequent investments, i.e., when you next fund your UTRADE Robo account</p>
					<p>There is no fee, no charge for the stipulated periodic review and re-balancing of your strategy/portfolio.</p>
					<p>There is no charge for withdrawals or account closure.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>When does UTRADE Robo bill me for the annual management fee?</h3>
					<p>We call the annual management fee you need to pay based on the amount of assets in your strategy/portfolio. We will then break down your annual fee into monthly payments.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How do I make payment for the annual management fee?</h3>
					<p>There is no need for you to do anything. When you fund your UTRADE Robo account, we will set cash allocation from the amount. Fees are paid monthly with the cash allocation in your account.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Can UTRADE Robo help me achieve my financial goals?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo seeks to help our clients achieve their financial goals through: </p>
					<ol>
						<li>The client provides UTRADE Robo with information on his/her risk tolerance, investment objective, investment horizon and other pertinent information.</li>
						<li>UTRADE Robo recommends a strategy / portfolio tailored in accordance to the individual's response to the questions.</li>
						<li>Client opens an UTRADE Robo account and funds the account to execute startegy / portfolio</li>
						<li>UTRADE Robo manages the client's strategies / portfolios, including periodic rebalancing.</li>
					</ol>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What is UTRADE Robo's value?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo seeks to deliver</p>
					<ol>
						<li>Better returns than many actively managed funds</li>
						<li>Lower investment costs (total expense ratio) compared to many actively managed funds</li>
						<li>Convenience to our clients through individually tailored investment strategies / portfolios, periodic rebalacing of the strategies / portfolios</li>
						<li>Assurance to our clients</li>
					</ol>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What will I be investing in?</h3>
					<p>All UTRADE Robo investment portfolios feature a portfolio mix of Equity (Stocks) and Fixed Income (Bonds), diversified across major geographical regions in the world including U.S., Europe and Asia Pacific and diversified across major industries including oil and gas, materials, industrials, consumer goods, health care, consumer services, telecommunications, utilities, financials and technology.</p>
					<p>This means UTRADE Robo’s investment portfolios are generally more defensive against market turmoil and recessions than an investment portfolio that is concentrated in a particular asset class (eg. stocks) or geographical region (eg. Euro-Area) or industry (eg. technology).</p>
					<p>UTRADE Robo achieves the strong diversification effect cost-efficiently through index-tracking Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How does UTRADE Robo select the Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo seeks to help our clients achieve their financial goals through: </p>
					<ol>
						<li>The client provides UTRADE Robo with information on his/her risk tolerance, investment objective, investment horizon and other pertinent information.</li>
						<li>UTRADE Robo recommends a strategy / portfolio tailored in accordance to the individual's response to the questions.</li>
						<li>Client opens an UTRADE Robo account and funds the account to execute strategy / portfolio.</li>
						<li>UTRADE Robo manages the client's strategies / portfolios, including periodic rebalancing.</li>
					</ol>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What is UTRADE Robo's value?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo seeks to deliver</p>
					<ol>
						<li>Better returns than many actively managed funds</li>
						<li>Lower investment costs (total expense ratio) compared to many actively managed funds</li>
						<li>Convenience to our clients through individually tailored investment strategies / portfolios, periodic rebalacing of the strategies / portfolios</li>
						<li>Assurance to our clients</li>
					</ol>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What will I be investing in?</h3>
					<p>All UTRADE Robo investment portfolios feature a portfolio mix of Equity (Stocks) and Fixed Income (Bonds), diversified across major geographical regions in the world including U.S., Europe and Asia Pacific and diversified across major industries including oil and gas, materials, industrials, consumer goods, health care, consumer services, telecommunications, utilities, financials and technology.</p>
					<p>This means UTRADE Robo’s investment portfolios are generally more defensive against market turmoil and recessions than an investment portfolio that is concentrated in a particular asset class (eg. stocks) or geographical region (eg. Euro-Area) or industry (eg. technology).</p>
					<p>UTRADE Robo achieves the strong diversification effect cost-efficiently through index-tracking Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) listed on the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How does UTRADE Robo select the Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs)?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo has a rigorous process to screen over 6,000 ETFs listed globally and select the best ETFs based on factors including diversification effect, direct holdings of underlying Bonds or Stocks, reputation of the ETF provider, ETF fund size, liquidity and expense ratio amongst other factors.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How does UTRADE Robo's investment performance compare with inflation and bank savings account?</h3>
					<p>For the last 12 months from June 2016 to June 2017, the UTRADE Robo Balanced Portfolio (40% Govt Bonds, 60% Stocks) registered 10.4% net returns due in part to our investment strategy and in part to conducive financial markets. As a reference, MAS core inflation is 0.7%1, interest on banks’ savings account is 0.2% per annum and 12 months fixed deposit rate is 0.3% according to MAS’s statistics2.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How does UTRADE Robo's investment performance compare with unit trusts?</h3>
					<p>For the last 12 months from June 2016 to June 2017, the UTRADE Robo Balanced Portfolio (40% Govt Bonds, 60% Stocks) registered 10.4% net returns1due in part to our investment strategy and in part to conducive financial markets. This significantly outperformed the median performance of global balanced mutual funds available in Singapore via fundsupermart.com (Global Balanced Mutual Funds: 8.1% net returns).</p>
					<p>UTRADE Robo’s superior investment performance is in line with many financial research, including the well-established SPIVA Scorecard by S&#38;P Dow Jones Indices2, which concluded that a large majority of professional fund managers consistently underperformed market-tracking investment strategies like UTRADE Robo’s over the short-term, medium-term and long-term.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What is the investment performance I can expect?</h3>
					<p>Depending on the individual client’s risk profile and the corresponding investment strategy recommendation, the projected returns range between 5% to 7% per annum over the long-term.</p>
					<p>1Projections are based on robust financial modelling and past performance of portfolio assets. Although such projections are grounded on sound financial concepts, you should not assume that the future performance of portfolio assets or investment products referred to on the Platform will necessarily correspond to such projections.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Will I receive dividends investing through UTRADE Robo?</h3>
					<p>Yes.  Our clients will receive dividends on the Stock ETFs and coupons on the fixed income ETFs they hold in their strategies. These will automatically be reinvested.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Will dividends be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax?</h3>
					<p>We are very mindful of this.  We differentiate ourselves from other robo advisers by carefully and actively select ETFs listed on various major exchanges. We only have 2 ETFs listed on ARCA and only dividends from these ETFs will subject to a 30% U.S. federal withholding tax in line with tax regulations of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>How long should I stay invested?</h3>
					<p>UTRADE Robo seeks to returns for our clients over the medium to long-term.  Hence, UTRADE Robo is not suitable for speculators or short-term investors. </p>
					<p>We advise our clients to take a longer term investment horizon. Our investment strategies will ride out an entire market cycle including any market downturn or recession.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>Can I change my portfolio mix after starting the investments?</h3>
					<p>Yes, clients may request a review or change in portfolio mix through the UTRADE Robo platform.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<h3>What is rebalancing? How does it affect me?</h3>
					<p>Significant market movements may cause portfolio assets to deviate from their original intended allocation weightage. For example, Brexit caused Europe Stocks to decline materially and International Government Bonds to rise materially, causing an underweight in Europe Stocks and an overweight in International Government Bonds.</p>
					<p>UTRADE Robo rebalances clients’ investment portfolios timely to realign the allocation weightage of portfolio assets for robust risk management and to maintain a consistent risk profile for all our clients.</p>
					<p>Our rebalancing is supported by well-established research, including those documented in “Pioneering Portfolio Management [David F. Swensen, CIO of Yale Endowment Fund]”. The research concluded that rebalancing statistically generates extra investment returns by exploiting excessive price volatility.</p>
				</li>
            </ul>
	 			
	 		</div>


            <p:commandButton id="uobForwardBtn"
                             value="Back"
                             styleClass="uob_button"
                             actionListener="#{uobpb.goBack}">
            </p:commandButton>

         </div>

      </div>
   </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
