<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions"
                template="/template/common/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">

        <div class="layout-portlets-box">
            <div class="Container100" style="background: #ffffff">
                <div class="ContainerIndent">
                    <p:fieldset legend="What is Symbil"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Symbil is a dynamic online investment adviser platform that assesses the risk profile of an investor and recommends a risk-appropriate managed Ladenburg Fund.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="Is this a “robo-advisor” like I’ve heard about?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            The Symbil platform is an electronic “robo advisor” program whereby investors can access an online
                            tool that guides them through a quick questionnaire and suggests an investment in one of the 5
                            Ladenburg mutual funds. You receive the benefit of investment professionals who actively manage
                            your Fund once you make the purchase of the Fund.  Symbil utilizes the trusted investment
                            professionals of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management to manage your Fund, not an actual robot.            </p>

                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="Who is managing my investments through Symbil??"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>

                            Symbil is provided by Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management.
                            LTAM’s an SEC Registered Investment Advisory firm established in 1982.
                            LTAM has over $2 billion in assets under management and a dedicated staff of
                            professionals with over 100 years of investment management experience.
                            To learn more about us, please visit <a href="http://www.ltam.com">http://www.ltam.com</a>
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="My advisor recommended I use this – how is he/she involved?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management has long been a trusted source of asset
                            management for the clients of thousands of independent financial advisors.
                            Symbil is a simple way for advisors to provide a solution to clients through a
                            short interactive online process.  Your advisor who is a registered representative
                            of an Affiliate of Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management, Inc. (LTAM) and the Affiliate
                            may receive a referral fee for referring you to the Symbil Website.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="What are the investments being recommended through Symbil?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Through Symbil you gain access to the Ladenburg Funds, 5 mutual funds actively
                            managed by Ladenburg Thalmann Asset Management with risk profiles ranging from
                            conservative to aggressive. The funds each offer a complete and globally diversified
                            asset allocation with exposure to a range of asset classes including equities,
                            fixed income and alternative investments.  The particular fund that is recommended
                            to you is determined by the answers you provide in the Symbil online questionnaire
                            and is based on your goals, objectives and risk profile. For more information on the
                            funds go to <a href="http://www.ladenburgfunds.com">http://www.ladenburgfunds.com</a>
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="How many investments will I see in my Symbil account?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Your account will be invested in 1 of the 5 Ladenburg mutual funds so
                            you will only see 1 investment in your account.  However, through this
                            single mutual fund, you’ll receive a complete asset allocation through the
                            fund’s underlying investments in equity, fixed income and alternative investment
                            exchange traded funds (ETFs).
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset
                            legend="Will the asset allocations ever change in the fund I’m invested in? What about things like rebalancing? What does that mean? Do you do that?"
                            styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                            toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            The asset allocations in your portfolio will periodically change for tactical purposes.
                            The underlying foundation of our investment philosophy is the construction of a globally
                            diversified portfolio based on strategic asset allocation. Strategic asset allocation is
                            a strategy that divides up a portfolio among major asset classes (equities, bonds, cash
                            equivalents, and alternative investment vehicles) in proportions that are consistent with
                            an investor's long-term financial goals and objectives, establishing a "base policy mix".
                            This mix of assets is based on expected rates of return and risk for each asset class.
                            The tactical overlay essentially helps us determine which areas to under or over-weight
                            based on market conditions. We will recommend a portfolio change where we can either
                            reduce the risk in the portfolio or potentially add a higher rate of return, given a
                            certain level of risk. In general, tactical changes tend to occur 2-6 times per year
                            and are based on current market conditions.  Any changes that we make we will rebalance
                            our Funds according to current market conditions, but maintain our original foundation
                            that accounts for the combination of risk and time.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="Who can open an account through Symbil?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Anyone who is 18 years old or older, holds a permanent U.S. address and
                            is a legal U.S. resident or U.S. citizen.
                        </p>


                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="Is there a minimum amount required to invest?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Through Symbil, the minimum investment in the Ladenburg Funds is $500 as an
                            initial investment.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="What types of accounts does Symbil support?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Symbil currently supports Individual, Joint, Traditional IRA and Roth IRA accounts.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="What do you charge? What types of fees can I expect?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            There is no fee for Symbil through the process to determine the advice of the
                            recommended fund.  Once you decide to purchase the fund, there are certain
                            expenses and fees that are internal to the Ladenburg mutual funds.  LTAM, as the
                            manager of the Funds, receives 0.50% annually, on the assets managed in the Ladenburg
                            Funds for their active portfolio management within the Funds.  This fee and certain
                            other expenses mentioned above are taken from the fund before any performance is
                            reported. We believe that our portfolios balance cost-effectiveness and performance
                            with access to top investment management professionals.  For information about all
                            the fees and expenses associated with the Ladenburg Funds, please refer to
                            the <a href="http://www.ladenburgfunds.com/docs/prospectus.pdf">Funds’
                            prospectus</a>, which can be obtained at no cost by calling 1-877-803-6583 or by
                            visiting <a href="http://www.ladenburgfunds.com">http://www.ladenburgfunds.com</a>
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="Is there an option for an Automatic Investment Plan?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            Yes, the Funds have an automatic investment plan which allows you to make
                            automatic monthly or quarterly investments in your account through a withdrawal
                            from the bank account that you provide on the account application form. The
                            minimum for the automatic investment plan is $50.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                    <p:fieldset legend="What is the next step after creating an account?"
                                styleClass="layout-portlets-box"
                                toggleable="true" toggleSpeed="500" collapsed="true">
                        <p>
                            You will be referred to an online investor portal held at our partners at
                            Gemini Fund Company, who are the Fund Administrators and Shareholder Services
                            for the Ladenburg Funds. From their secure portal you will be able to review
                            your account’s performance, make updates or changes, and add more funds at
                            your discretion.
                        </p>
                    </p:fieldset>

                </div>
            </div>

        </div>

        <p:outputPanel id="disclaimer" style="border: 0px; background: transparent">
            <div class="layout-portlets-box">
                <div class="Container100 Responsive100">
                    <div class="Container100">
                        <div class="ContainerIndent">
                            <div class="Fs12 TexAlCenter">
                                <h:outputText value="#{uiLayout.disclaimer}" escape="false"/>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </p:outputPanel>

    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
