<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:pe="http://primefaces.org/ui/extensions">

    <p:panel id="inputArea" style="border: 0px; background: transparent; height: auto">
        <div class="Container100">
            <div class="ContainerIndent Responsive100 tab_main">

                <p:steps id="progressbar" styleClass="portfolioCreationStepsPanel" activeIndex="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page}">
                    <p:menuitem value="Start"/>
                    <p:menuitem value="Objective"/>
                    <p:menuitem value="Risk"/>
                    <p:menuitem value="Projection"/>
                    <p:menuitem value="Review"/>
                </p:steps>

            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="Container100 BackgroundWhite">
            <div class="ContainerIndent">
                <ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 0}">
                    <ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p1.xhtml"/>
                </ui:fragment>
                <ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 1}">
                    <ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p3.xhtml"/>
                </ui:fragment>
                <ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 2}">
                    <ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p4.xhtml"/>
                </ui:fragment>
                <ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 3}">
                    <ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/p5.xhtml"/>
                </ui:fragment>
                <ui:fragment rendered="#{tcmpb.pagemanager.page == 4}">
                    <ui:include src="/pages/consumer/tcm/cadd/final.xhtml"/>
                </ui:fragment>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="Container100">
            <p style="font-style: italic; font-size: .8em; text-align:justify">
                Building Benjamins is a service of Tradition Capital Management, LLC., an SEC
                (Securities and Exchange Commission) Registered Investment Adviser under the Federal
                Investment Advisers Act, and provides portfolio management and related services for a fee.
                Nothing should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any
                security or service in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful
                under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Investing in stocks and other risk assets
                could result in losses and positive returns are not guaranteed. Diversification only
                reduces risk of capital loss but does not eliminate these risks. Expected return and
                expected risk are not forecasted returns or risks but are only statistical definitions for
                modeling purposes. Financial assets are also exposed to potential inflation and liquidity
                risks. Past performance is no indication to future results, and all investments could lose
                value in the future. Copies of the ADV and Privacy policy are available upon request.
                The information provided is not written or intended as direct investment advice or
                recommendations, tax or legal advice and in the context of such may not especially be
                relied on for purposes of avoiding any tax penalties in any jurisdiction. Individuals are
                encouraged to seek advice from their own respective tax, legal, accounting, or personal
                planning professional as the case may be. Individuals involved in the estate planning
                process should work with estate planning professionals. Neither the information presented
                nor any opinion expressed constitutes a representation by us of a specific
                investment or the purchase or sale of any securities. Asset allocation and
                diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining
                markets.
            </p>
        </div>
    </p:panel>


</ui:composition>
